About Us

We are a family run concern and we have been successfully supplying and installing wooden shutters for more than five years working with the UK's leading wooden shutters experts, Shutterly Fabulous.We thought now would be a good time to concentrate on our Scottish clients. We are based in Glasgow and and our aim is to give our clients in Glasgow, Edinburgh and Central Scotland a superb service, supplying and installing our stylish, bespoke wooden plantation shutters.We supply and instal our shutters for domestic andcommercial establishments.We supply to interior designers and installed shutters for the whole house of Scottish designer,

John Amabile of the television programme, 60 Minute Makeover, and for several of his clients.We take great pride in the quality of our beautiful wooden shutters and of the service we provide.The Glasgow Shutters Company simlpy stlyes better

Index:

Welcome to the Glasgow Shutter Company, supplying and fitting beautiful wooden shutters to Glasgow, Edinburgh and central Scotland

We are a Scottish shutters company based in Glasgow and we fit and supply simply stylish and bespoke <a href="#">wooden plantation shutters</a> to our clients in Glasgow, Edinburgh and Central Scotland. Our shutters are custom made of hardwood, either American Poplar or Elm, they are then either painted to any colour desired or stained for different wood effects. They come with different sized louvres and frames that can be adapted to fit most windows from a modern edinburgh townhouse to a traditional Glasgow tenement.

Our shutters do not only look beautiful but will be an added fixture to your home. They keep out the hot sun during the summer months and are fantastic for insulation during the cold winters. They are also very good for reducing noise levels from outside your home

Our aim is to give our Scottish clients in Glasgow and Edinburgh and Central Scotland a superb service where following an enquiry to us, we will give an estimate of the total cost for supplying and fitting your shutters. If you are happy with our estimated costs,our consultants will then come to your home and advise you on what will work best for you, taking into consideration the window shape and the decor of your room.


We will take an accurate measurement of your windows. The shutters are then custom made to your individual specifications and they will be fitted by our professional fitters.

Whether you live in a traditional Glasgow tenement or a modern townhouse in Edinburgh you will not be disappointed with our simply stylish and <a href="#">bespoke wooden shutters.

Services:

We offer a full service for our cleints. After you have received your estimated cost for your shutters and you are happy with the price, we will come to your home to help and advise you on what type of shutters will be best for you depending on your window size and shape and the decor of your room. We will then take accurate measurements of your windows, we will give you your quote and the order can be processed.

The shutters will be custom made to your individual specifications and between six and eight weeks later one of our experienced and professional carpenters will return to fit your beautiful, stylish, bespoke wooden plantation shutters. The price you are quoted includes installation.

The Glasgow Shutters Company simply styles better




